Example for popup login (#23)
cognitedata/react-auth: README.md

## Getting Started

Import ReactAuthProvider:

```js
import { ReactAuthProvider } from '@cognite/react-auth';
```

Wrap your application with ReactAuthProvider:

```jsx
<ReactAuthProvider
  project={PROJECT_NAME}
  redirectUrl={window.location.href}
  errorRedirectUrl={window.location.href}
>
  <AuthenticatedComponent />
</ReactAuthProvider>
```

To persist authorization token in the local storage add `enableTokenCaching` prop:

```jsx
<ReactAuthProvider
  project={PROJECT_NAME}
  enableTokenCaching
  ...
```

If your app uses a routing library, you can provide routes for successful authorization in `redirectUrl` prop and for failed in `errorRedirectUrl` prop:

```jsx
<ReactAuthProvider
  project={PROJECT_NAME}
  redirectUrl="/authenticated_route"
  errorRedirectUrl="/login_error_route"
  ...
```

See the [example](./examples/react/src/App.js) on how to use this module.

### Popup Login

> In case if you it's needed to preserve the state of your react app during authorization, you can use "popup" login that opens a new tab in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to preserve the state of your react app during authorization, you can use "popup" login that opens a new tab in the browser.
```

To do that add `usePopup` prop:

```jsx
<ReactAuthProvider
  project={PROJECT_NAME}
  redirectUrl={window.location.href}
  errorRedirectUrl={window.location.href}
  usePopup
>
  <AuthenticatedComponent />
</ReactAuthProvider>
```

**NOTE:** With "popup" login it's very important to use `ReactAuthProvider` on the top level of your application without any condition, even though the `project` is undefined or empty, `ReactAuthProvider` should be rendered. It's necessary in order the app that runs in the popup window after authorization will render `ReactAuthProvider` component and the component will close the popup window.
See the [example](./examples/popup/src/App.js)

### Login Renderer

> There is an optional prop `loginRenderer` that can be used as fallback render in case if `project` prop is either undefined or empty:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an optional prop `loginRenderer` that can be used as fallback render in the case of `project` prop is either undefined or empty:
```
